.TH newsreader 7 "https://michaelgautier.github.io/gautier_rss_reader7"
.SH NAME
Gautier RSS Reader v7
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B newsreader
.SH DESCRIPTION
Presents feed entries from the Internet. When you run newsreader, it should open a window ready to download feeds. 

Feeds are downloaded and you can browse entries in a web browser with the 
.B "view article button."

Options include the ability to add new feeds or remove those you no longer want.

The program 
.B will 
operate offline. 

A network connection to an http/https URL is only required to 
.B download feeds 
and 
.B render 
visited links in a web browser. 

Feed entries can also be viewed within the program. Feed data is managed entirely offline.
.SH OPTIONS
The program accepts no command-line options.

Network activity is output to the command-line for diagnostic purposes.
.SH NOTES
A Window Manager is required. The program is solely designed to run as a GUI.

The ideal environment for the program is the GNOME Desktop. Other environments are acceptable.

Window managers that can execute programs written for
.B "GTK 3" 
and above should be sufficient for newsreader to operate.

At this time (Jan. 2020) the program has been tested on Fedora and Ubuntu running either GNOME or Cinnamon.
.SH EXAMPLE
The best way to operate the program is see it in action. A video describes how it works from A - Z.

5-minute video: 
.I "https://youtu.be/ylKjd1bKu7k"
.SH FILES
.I "/usr/bin/newsreader"
.SH SEE ALSO
The program uses: 
.B "gnome xml v2," "sqlite v3," "gtk v3," and "curl v7."

.SH DATA FORMATS
Really Simple Syndication (RSS)

Atom
.SH BUGS
Some programs are perfect but this one has a way to go. You can share thoughts about it at 
.I "https://michaelgautiertechnology.wordpress.com"
.SH AUTHOR
Michael Gautier <https://michaelgautier.wordpress.com>
.SH PROJECT
The latest source code is available at the link at the end of this document.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Available under the 
.B "Lesser GNU Public License v2+"
